Update documentation for artifact-registry terraform module (#13040)
kyma-project/test-infra: configs/terraform/modules/artifact-registry/README.md

# Artifact Registry Module

> Artifact Registry module for GCP is used to create and manage Artifact Registry in GCP. 
> It is designed to maintain a standarised and reusable way of creating Artifact Registry in GCP.
> Module ensures that all the necessary resources are created and configured correctly, including identities and IAM roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Artifact Registry module for Google Cloud is designed to maintain a standardized and reusable way of creating Artifact Registry in Google Cloud.
The module ensures that all the necessary resources are created and configured correctly, including identities and IAM roles.
```

## Usage

> Configure single Artifact Registry per module call directly in `.tf` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure a single Artifact Registry per module call directly in the `.tf` file.
```

> Refer to `variables.tf` for all the variables that can be configured and their default values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all the configurable variables and their default values, refer to `variables.tf`.
```

> Refer to `outputs.tf` for all the outputs that are available after the module is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all the outputs available after the module is created, refer to `outputs.tf`.
```

> **CAUTION:** Carefully review the planned changes before applying them, especially when using the module to configure production environments.

> When you use the GCP private image registry, consider the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use the Google Cloud private image registry, consider the following:
```

> - The solution is prepared for the GCP Service Account related execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The solution is prepared for the Google Cloud Service Account-related execution.
```

- The **roles/artifactregistry.repoAdmin** role binding is part of the solution. To learn more, read [Artifact Registry Repository Access Control](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/access-control).

> - The **roles/artifactregistry.reader** role binding is required for lifecycle-manager service accounts. To learn more, read [Artifact Registry Repository Access Control](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/access-control).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **roles/artifactregistry.reader** role binding is required for the `lifecycle-manager` service accounts. To learn more, read [Artifact Registry Repository Access Control](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/access-control).
```

> - You can make your repository public if you use the `public = true` in the module call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can make your repository public if you use `public = true` in the module call.
```
